now is the time of the questions here you
know that the resourceful intelligence
charisma is much more prominent than
the beauty actually people if I could
now give a tip to the candidates is
very simple girls are natural and
do not invent do not have to
arrive with the speech ready
be you and conquer the
our audiences and our jurors
the dynamics is as follows each finalist
only has a role that has the name of one of the
our judges are the ones who will make the
questions then I wish luck on
measure of the possible calm and tranquility
have to have a self-control comes close
of the girls here are in front of you
a single tender time
come on then we already have a globe with
names of jurors and friends drank black
will be the first to raffle a jury
Let's see who wilson is the father wilson.
pots your question
the great inventions of the world what you
I wish I had invented
hello good night to all newsletters
generated
Thank you very much for the question, Wilson.
I wish I had invented energy
because through it other
great inventions were possible to
to happen
Thank you so much good night, thank you.
release me black
come on now it's the media turn
analandia her that will draw the name of
one of our judges and will reveal
now who is jaqueline oliveira our
miss brazil 2013 jaqueline
good night, Paul, good night, Brazil
mass analândia
For you, which is the noblest of
attitudes
Good evening, everyone, swearing good night.
night São Paulo
for me the more the nobility because I
I believe that one has to be faithful to
itself is very simple in its
attitudes
she has to be very needy with
people and knowing how to help others
Many thanks to all for stepping alan already
Thank you for your response with following
forward
Come on, then, Miss Quarry.
and shall be responsible for making its
question
jesus light jesus looks at
irresponsibility too much
responsibility
so I quarry that character in the
you would like it to be real and
Because I 'd like to have a good night, everyone.
first I would like to be
the little miss sunshine girl is
an incredible emotion for me to see
a child and follow your heart if
seek happiness independent of
Whatever people think about
me, this is incredible, I believe everyone
they should be like this
Good night, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.
miss very well mixed quarry guaratinga
it is your turn to reveal the name of our
side case the line vita in curitiba
carole with you
Good evening, everyone, good night, girls.
gorgeous
Good, I wonder if you could be
invisible for one day what would you do
Good night to everyone, if I could be
invisible I would become a ghost to
secretary all my friends
Thank you, thank you so much, Miss Taquari.
tinga for your answer and we go there with
miss maria
let's see who is the sworn that will make
this question miss maria
look and anxious at all well is with you and the
Renato, good night, good night, Miss Marília.
My question is the following which type
of artistic expression more excited
and why
Good night to everyone, good night, maria water.
No, in Sao Paulo, the steering wheel is Brazil.
good the kind of art that excites me the most
is the cinema because it encompasses other
types of art also with a photograph
music and are things that move a lot with
The soul, thank you, very well, questions.
answered
and look, this is the last chance to
enchant the jurors